1. White people saying the n word
	a. Descriptivism is for the weak.  Answer these questions on how you're talking wrong, FTPE
2. Weezer (cf Pinkerton and Variations on Shaker Hymn)
	b. Country music was invented in 1943 in order to give cattle drivers a healthy emotional outlet.
	   Name these most effective samples FTPE.
		i. A dead dad, a disabled son, a CB radio, and a small boy getting ridden by multiple truckers.
		   It can only be this maudlin Red Sovine classic.
			TEDDY BEAR
		ii. This Harlan Howard-penned piece was taken to the Number One spot by J. J. Barrie, and has been used
		    ever since wherever a child has been in need of a good guilt-trip.
			NO CHARGE
		iii. In this Wayne Newton Can-Aus No 1, a marriage is saved by the title being sung by a child so sweet
		     it makes you want to stick razor blades in waterslides.
			DADDY DON'T YOU WALK SO FAST
3. Bat Out Of Hell(?) Cover
	c. Ludicrous Wikipedia articles "get off my lawn", "meanwhile back at the ranch" etc.
4. Pepe
	d. YTMNDs 
5. (Mash-up) Nintendo WiiU I Look Just Like Buddy Holly
	e. In the 1970s, the National Organisation of Women gave out several "Keep Her In Her Place" awards for groups
	or people whom they decided were the most prominent examples of male chauvinism.  Name some of the recipients
	for ten points each.
		i.  Apparently one of the most sexist things in the 1970s was this Paul Anka song, which was also 
		voted the worst song of all time by CNN viewers in 2006.  Anka responded by making the lead pronoun
		in the song plural when performing concerts.
			(YOU'RE) HAVING MY BABY
		ii.  The "KHIHP" awards may have been named after an advert for Weyenberg shoes, placed in this
		"men's magazine".
			PLAYBOY
		iii.  This man's film "Frenzy" was awarded a Khippy for its portrayal of a sadistic serial killer.  This
		director has a brief cameo appearance in a crowd scene in that film.
			ALFRED HITCHCOCK
6. Frank Zappa
	f. Shrek
7. Cuties of University Challenge
	g. Things Andrew Lloyd Webber has plagiarised
8. The Mongolian Navy
	h. Female bass players
9. Henry Trescothick is a man in his mid-thirties, living in Denmark Hill.  He is single, an only child, and both of his
parents died several years ago, leading to his move from Pool for a job in cookery training that failed to materialise.
Since then he has taken several temporary jobs in eateries throughout South London.  A drinking companion, Kwaku Yeboah,
noted that he did not continue to go out after the closure of the 'Esmerelda' six months ago.  His body was found after
neighbours complained about a number of rats gathering around the property.  Due to the heavy state of decomposition, the
trunk of the body was separated from the head, which remained in the noose.  For ten points, how would Detective Inspector
Durkheim of the Yard explain this death?
	EGOISTIC SUICIDE
	i. You've got a bonus set on obscure trivia about cities.  Happy guessing!
		i. What is the largest city in Britain without a motorway?
			BRIGHTON AND HOVE
		ii. What is the largest city in Britain without an airport?
			WAKEFIELD
		iii. What is the largest city in Britain without a McDonalds?
			ELY
10. Times Stephen Fry has left Twitter
Topics - MEMES, JACK
	Dewey Made Me Do It (higher levels of learning)
	Bizarre folklore treated as fact
